CLI 1.2.0 Release Notes and doc changes (excl. CI/CD) (#422)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

## v1.2.0

Release date: February 25, 2022

> ## New `astrocloud deployment logs` Command to display logs from your Astro deployments
> 
> For users who would like to use the CLI to observe their deployments. Users can supply the command log level flags such as warn, error, and info to filter their deployment’s logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### View Logs from Astro Deployments Using `astrocloud deployment logs`

If you prefer to monitor your Deployments from a CLI terminal, you can now use the `astrocloud deployment logs` command to view the same Scheduler logs that appear in the **Logs** tab of the Cloud UI. After running the command, all logs recorded in the last 24 hours appear in your terminal. Similarly to the Cloud UI, you can by log level using command flags. 
```

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

> ## v1.2.0

Reviewer 2: @jwitz Let's switch up the order of these features based on importance. How about -

1. Deploy to Astro with Deployment API Keys for Simpler CI/CD
2. Pytest
3. Scheduler Logs
4. Deployment create/delete

Release date: February 25, 2022

### View Logs from Astro Deployments Using `astrocloud deployment logs`

If you prefer to monitor your Deployments from a CLI terminal, you can now use the `astrocloud deployment logs` command to view the same Scheduler logs that appear in the **Logs** tab of the Cloud UI. After running this command, all Scheduler logs emitted by a Deployment over the last 24 hours appear in your terminal. Similarly to the Cloud UI, you can filter logs by log level using command flags. For more information about this command, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-logs.md).

### Create and Delete Deployments Using `astrocloud deployment create/delete`

You can now use the Astro CLI to complete basic Deployment management on Astro with the new `astrocloud deployment create` and `astrocloud deployment delete` commands. For more information about this creating and deleting Deployments via the CLI, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md).

> ### Supply API Keys to `astrocloud deploy` to Simplify CI/CD Pipelines
> 
> The Astro CLI can now be supplied Deployment level API keys through the `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` OS environment variables. These environment variables can either be specified on any system running the CLI, including your local machine or a hosted CI/CD pipeline. The CLI will automatically look for these environment variables and use them during deployment.
> 
> By making your Deployment API keys accessible to the CLI via environment variables, you no longer have to manually request access tokens to Deployments via API calls in your CI/CD pipelines. We recommend updating your CI/CD pipelines for code deployment by replacing your REST API calls with a single command: `astrocloud deploy <deployment-namespace>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploy to Astro with Deployment API Keys for Simpler CI/CD

For users who automate deploying code to Astro via CI/CD, this release of the Astro CLI makes that process significantly simpler. Now, you can use [Deployment API keys](api-keys.md) to run `astrocloud deploy` either from the CLI directly or via a CI/CD script.

With an existing Deployment API key, you can now set `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` as OS-level environment variables. From there, you can run a CI script that does the following:

- Specifies Deployment ID
- Installs the Astro CLI
- Runs `astrocloud deploy`

When `astrocloud deploy` is run, the CLI will now automatically look for and use the Deployment API key credentials that were set as environment variables to authorize and complete a code push. Previously, there was no way to directly supply Deployment API keys to the deploy process. This meant that any CI/CD script to automate code pushes to Astro required complex `cURL` requests to the Cloud API that were functionally equivalent to `astrocloud deploy`. In addition to the added complexity, this process was also vulnerable to breaking changes in the Cloud API.

For instructions on how to simplify your CI/CD pipelines with this change, see [CI/CD](ci-cd.md).
```

@sunkickr @jwitz I know we haven't gotten these instructions and examples in the doc yet, but since users will have to do more than just "replace API requests with command" let's just send then to that doc instead of trying to explain it here

> ### Test DAGs and Custom Python Code Before Deployment with `astrocloud dev pytest`
> 
> Users can now run custom pytests on their Astro project using `astrocloud dev pytest`. After you run this command, the CLI spins up Python environment that includes your DAG code, requirements, and Runtime image. The CLI then runs all pytests in your `tests` directory and shows you the results of these tests in your terminal. Because these tests don't require a complete Airflow environment, they are a fast way to test DAGs for code, syntax, and dependency errors.
> 
> As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astrocloud dev init` now include a `tests` directory with example Pytests. Additionally, you can run pytests just before Deployment using the `--pytest` flag with `astrocloud deploy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Test DAGs Before Deploying to Astro with New `astrocloud dev pytest` Command

Testing DAGs and custom Python code in a local environment is critical to a reliable development process. With this release of the Astro CLI, you can now run custom pytests from your Astro project with a new command: `astrocloud dev pytest`.

To use this command, you can store one or more `pytest` files in a new `tests` directory within your Astro project. When you run `astrocloud dev pytest`, the CLI spins up a Python environment that includes your DAG code, dependencies, and Astro Runtime Docker image. The CLI then runs all pytests in your `tests` directory and shows you the results of these tests in your terminal.

These tests don't require that all Airflow components be running in order to execute, which makes this Astro CLI command the fastest way to test DAGs for both syntax and dependency errors.

As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astrocloud dev init` now include a `tests` directory with example pytests. Additionally, you can run pytests before deploying code to a Deployment on Astro by specifying the `--pytest` flag with `astrocloud deploy`. This ensures that your code push fails if a pytest does not pass.
```

Author: This change is good with me

With an existing Deployment API key, you can now set `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` as OS-level environment variables. From there, you can run a CI script that does the following:

- Specifies Deployment ID
- Installs the Astro CLI
- Runs `astrocloud deploy`

When `astrocloud deploy` is run, the CLI will now automatically look for and use the Deployment API key credentials that were set as environment variables to authorize and complete a code push.

If your existing CI/CD pipelines utilize `cURL` requests to the Cloud API, we recommend replacing those commands with an Astro CLI-based workflow.

### Test DAGs and Custom Python Code Before Deployment with `astrocloud dev pytest`

You can now run custom pytests from your Astro project with a new command: `astrocloud dev pytest`.

To use this command, you can store one or more `pytest` files in a new `tests` directory within your Astro project. When you run `astrocloud dev pytest`, the CLI spins up a Python environment that includes your DAG code, dependencies, and Astro Runtime Docker image. The CLI then runs all pytests in your `tests` directory and shows you the results of these tests in your terminal.

> These tests don't require that all Airflow components be running in order to execute, which makes this Astro CLI command the fastest way to test DAGs for both syntax and dependency errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can use this command to run tests that check for:

- Python and Airflow syntax errors.
- Import errors.
- Dependency conflicts.
- Unique DAG IDs.

These tests don't require that all Airflow components be running in order to execute, which makes this Astro CLI command the fastest and easiest way to test DAGs in a local Airflow environment.
```

> As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astrocloud dev init` now include a `tests` directory with example pytests. Additionally, you can run pytests before deploying code to a Deployment on Astro by specifying the `--pytest` flag with `astrocloud deploy`. This ensures that your code push fails if a pytest does not pass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command can only be used in a local Airflow environment. As part of this change, new Astro projects created via `astrocloud dev init` now include a `tests` directory with example pytests built by Astronomer. To run pytests on Astro, specify the `--pytest` flag when running `astrocloud deploy` via the Astro CLI or a CI/CD pipeline. This ensures that your code push to Astro fails if any DAGs do not pass all pytests in your Astro project.
```

### Deploy to Astro with Deployment API Keys for Simpler CI/CD

You can now use [Deployment API keys](api-keys.md) to run `astrocloud deploy` either from the CLI directly or via a CI/CD script. This update simplifies deploying code to Astro via CI/CD.

With an existing Deployment API key, you can set `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` and `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` as OS-level environment variables. From there, you can now configure a CI/CD pipeline that does the following:

- Installs the Astro CLI
- Runs `astrocloud deploy`

When `astrocloud deploy` is run, the CLI will now automatically look for and use the Deployment API key credentials that were set as environment variables to authorize and complete a code push.

Previously, any script that automated code pushes to Astro had to include a series of `cURL` requests to the Cloud API and could not use Deployment API keys to run an Astro CLI command. If your existing CI/CD pipelines still utilize this method, we recommend replacing those commands with an Astro CLI-based workflow. For more information and guiding examples, see [CI/CD](ci-cd.md).

> ### Test DAGs and Custom Python Code Before Deployment with `astrocloud dev pytest`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Run DAG Unit Tests Locally with new Astro CLI Command
```
